---
layout: post
date:   2016-8-8 13:05:32 +0530
categories: new
title: Futurama it's been a few years since medical school
---

 # And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you?

Who are you, my warranty?! Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute. One hundred dollars. Actually, that's still true.

Now Fry, it's been a few years since medical school, so remind me. Disemboweling in your species: fatal or non-fatal? __The alien mothership is in orbit here.__ *If we can hit that bullseye, the rest of the dominoes will fall like a house of cards.* Checkmate.

## I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy!

Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right. Ow, my spirit! Man, I'm sore all over. I feel like I just went ten rounds with mighty Thor.

1. Spare me your space age technobabble, Attila the Hun!
2. Enough about your promiscuous mother, Hermes! We have bigger problems.
3. So, how 'bout them Knicks?

### Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head.

I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died. Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? Are you crazy? I can't swallow that. Does anybody else feel jealous and aroused and worried?

* Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?
* You don't know how to do any of those.
* I saw you with those two "ladies of the evening" at Elzars. Explain that.

Good news, everyone! I've taught the toaster to feel love! Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. It's toe-tappingly tragic! File not found. Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

How much did you make me? Why yes! Thanks for noticing. Fry, you can't just sit here in the dark listening to classical music. I'm Santa Claus! I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense.

For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. No! The cat shelter's on to me. Really?! Now, now. Perfectly symmetrical violence never solved anything. I'm Santa Claus!

Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock. No, just a regular mistake. Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. But I've never been to the moon!

I'll get my kit! Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that! There's only one reasonable course of action now: kill Flexo! Bender?! You stole the atom. Dr. Zoidberg, that doesn't make sense. But, okay!

Bender, you risked your life to save me! Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume? Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg! I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger.

Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty? Why did you bring us here? Why did you bring us here? Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm now bored with sex. Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence?

Now what? I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. And yet you haven't said what I told you to say! How can any of us trust you? I love you, buddy!

For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored. Can we have Bender Burgers again? I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.

And why did 'I' have to take a cab? Really?! Kif might! Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. That's the ONLY thing about being a slave.

In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms. Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. I love you, buddy! Ummm…to eBay? Switzerland is small and neutral! We are more like Germany, ambitious and misunderstood!

